Refactor/stepper separate logic UI with hook (#551)
okp4/ui: stories/molecules/components/stepper/Stepper.stories.mdx

        )
      }
    ]
    const { state, dispatch } = useStepper(
      'step1',
      steps.map(step => ({ id: step.id, status: step.status }))
    )
    const [submitted, setSubmitted] = useState(false)
    const handleOpenChange = () => setSubmitted(false)
    const handlePrevious = useCallback(() => {
      dispatch({
        type: 'previousClicked'
      })
    }, [dispatch])
    const handleNext = useCallback(() => {
      dispatch({
        type: 'stepCompleted'
      })
    }, [dispatch])
    const handleSubmit = useCallback(() => {
      setSubmitted(true)
      dispatch({
        type: 'stepperSubmitted'
      })
    }, [dispatch])
    const handleReset = useCallback(() => {
      setSubmitted(false)
      dispatch({
        type: 'stepperReset',
        payload: {
          initialCurrentStepId: 'step1',
          initialStepsStatus: steps.map(step => ({ id: step.id, status: step.status }))
        }
      })
    }, [dispatch, steps])
    return (
      <div className="stepper-container-small">
        <Stepper
          {...args}

>           currentStepId={state.currentStepId}

Author: We can't do that, because the currentStepId property has to take its value by the state so that it can be updated during navigation.
So I will prevent the control of this property.

<ArgsTable story="Overview" />

## Use the Stepper with `useStepper` hook and selector

To facilitate the use of Stepper, the `@okp4/ui` library provides a custom React hook to manage the status of steps during navigation.  

> Along with this hook, the library provides selector. This selector is a function that retrieve useful data from the state returned by the `useStepper` hook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Along with this hook, the library provides some functions (aka selectors) that can compute the current state returned by the `useStepper` hook without any additional user action.
```

The [example](/docs/molecules-stepper--example) below will give you everything you need to understand how to use Stepper with the `useStepper` hook and selectors.

### `useStepper` hook

The `useStepper` provides you with the `state` object and the `dispatch` function.

To call the `useStepper` hook, you must provide two parameters :

- `currentStepId: string` the initial step id that the Stepper should display first.
- `stepsStatus: InitialStepStatus[]` the initial status list for each step.

Where `InitialStepStatus` is the following type :

```tsx
type InitialStepStatus = {
  id: string
  status?: 'disabled' | 'invalid' | 'completed' | 'uncompleted'
}
```

Example :

```tsx
// Call the `useStepper` hook
const { state, dispatch } = useStepper(
  'protocol', // The initial current step id
  steps.map(step => ({ id: step.id, status: step.status })) // The initial list of status
)
```

##### The state

The `state` object contains the following values:

- `currentStepId`: the id of the step in progress.
- `stepsStatus`: an ordered map that provides the status of each step.

> - `enabledSteps`: the list of the non-disabled steps.

Reviewer: Be careful this property has been renamed... (`nonDisabledSteps`)

          )
        }
      ]
      const { state, dispatch } = useStepper(
        'q4',
        steps.map(step => ({ id: step.id, status: step.status }))
      )
      const handlePrevious = useCallback(() => {
        dispatch({
          type: 'previousClicked'
        })
      }, [dispatch])
      const handleNext = useCallback(() => {
        dispatch({
          type: 'stepCompleted'
        })
      }, [dispatch])
      const handleSubmit = useCallback(() => {
        dispatch({
          type: 'stepperSubmitted'
        })
      }, [dispatch])

>       const handleReset = useCallback(() => {

Reviewer 2: On reset the q2 and q3 statuses stay completed until they're the current step. Please add reset to all statuses when pressing the reset button for expected behaviour 😃
